Q1. When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A1. When you wish to be able to access your work from a number of diffeent places and edit it storing on the cloud via creating a remote is very useful, also if you wish to be able to collaborate with other people on the project too.


Q2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A2. Manually pulling changes mean you can decide whether you wan to pull these changes yourself or if they are not changes that you wich to use.

Q3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A3. A branch is when you beginning working on a file seperately from the master branch locally. A clone is a clone of a Github so you can store on your local machine to work on, and a Fork is a clone of a github onto Github, so you can work on someone elses file, crediting that user on Github itself, you can then clone this git to your local machine to work on it locally.

Q4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

A4. This is helpful as then when you need to re-upload your changes you can choose to merge with other peoples work since the smae point in time and also commit any changes you yourself have made, enabling everyone to keep working on a file, even if they are not all working at the same rate etc.

Q5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

A5. Without Git and Github collabortaion would be much harder, either only one person could work on the file at a time or you would have to manually compare files after you have each updated them to find out who changed what.

Q6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

A6. Making changes in a different branch enables you to ask the perosn who is working from the main branch whether they would like to include your changes, and enables them to view the changes before making that decision.