Q1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A1. When you initialise a repository a .git folder is created in the directory and you are ready to start using the repository (at this stage the files within the directory are untracked).

Q2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

A2. The staging area allows you to select which files will be added when you commit. This enables you to add and remove files before you start committing and leaving the working directory files intact.

Q3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A3. In the staging area you can commit individual changes one at a time by using git diff to compare the working directory and the staging area and git diff --staged to compare staging area to the commit and finally you can commit what is in the staging area using the command git commit.

Q4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

A4. Branches are useful if you wish to make different versions of your document. Be it for a different language version or to try new experimental features but whilst also maintaining a main version without these experimental features or still in English etc. Branches help because you can just edit the branches you want to rather than changing your master file.

Q5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A5. Drawing diagrams help view the branch structure, placing which commits are in which branch, and also if a commit is unreachable or not.

Q6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A6. Merging two branches together means we can access all the commits from both branches and still be at the head of the master brancgh, it also enables us to delete old branches, but still includes all the commit's from this deleted branch.